Switch to debug trace (#17753)
microsoft/FluidFramework: build-tools/packages/build-tools/README.md

independent packages within the same repo. The repo structure is specified in `fluidBuild.config.cjs` at the root of
the repo under `repoPackages` property. See [fluidBuild.config.cjs](../../../fluidBuild.config.cjs) for how it looks
like.

## Debug Traces

> `fluid-build` using the `debug` package to do traces for investigating and diagnosing problem. Here are some of the trace
> names

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`fluid-build` using the `debug` package to do traces for investigating and diagnosing problem. Below are some of the trace
names `fluid-build` uses.
```

### fluid-build:init

> Trace the initialization `fluid-build`, including root inference, package loading and selection (based on command line

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Trace the initialization of `fluid-build`, including root directory inference, package loading and selection (based on command line
```

scopes).

### fluid-build:task:definition

> To debug the logic that combined task and dependency definitions from the default in `fluidBuild.config.cjs` at the root
> of the
> repo and the package's `package.json`. It will dump the full combined definition for each package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Used to debug the logic that combines task and dependency definitions from the default in `fluidBuild.config.cjs` at the root
of the
repo and the local package's `package.json`. It will dump the full combined definition for each package.
```

### fluid-build:task:init\*

> These traces shows the tasks and relationship in the build graph to diagnose task dependency and ordering problem.  
> It can be turned all of them on or individually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These traces show the tasks and relationships in the build graph to diagnose task dependency and ordering problems.  
Debugging traces can be enabled for individual steps or for all of them.
```

-   `fluid-build:task:init` - Trace the task that are created, to show what task is included
-   `fluid-build:task:init:defdep` - Trace the task dependencies derived from expanding and resolving task definitions
-   `fluid-build:task:init:dep` - Trace full build graph of leaf tasks (a single command invocation)

> -   `fluid-build:task:init:weight` - Weight assigned to each task (where higher weight is prioritized to run first).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `fluid-build:task:init:weight` - Weight assigned to each task (where higher weight is prioritized to run first)
```

### fluid-build:task:trigger

> Trace the reason why each task is trigger. Use to diagnose incremental problems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Trace the reasons why each task is triggered. Useful to diagnose problems with incremental build.
```

### fluid-build:task:exec\*

> These traces shows the execution flow of the task, to show the task invocation in action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These traces show the execution flow of the task, to show the task invocation in action.
```

> -   `fluid-build:task:exec` - trace whether the tasks is skipped or start and finish of the task.
> -   `fluid-build:task:queue` - trace when the task is queued after the dependent tasks are done
> -   `fluid-build:task:exec:wait` - trace wait time of a task in queue (delay in execution after it is ready to be scheduled).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `fluid-build:task:exec` - Trace whether the task is skipped or, if it runs, the start and finish of the task
-   `fluid-build:task:queue` - Trace when the task is queued after the dependent tasks are done
-   `fluid-build:task:exec:wait` - Trace the wait time of a task in queue (the delay in execution after it is ready to be scheduled)
```

### Other fluid-build:\* traces

> -   `fluid-build:task:error` - Trace of detail error messages on any operations in a task.
> -   `fluid-build:symlink` - Trace the action of `--symlink` switch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `fluid-build:task:error` - Trace of detailed error messages on any operation in a task
-   `fluid-build:symlink` - Trace the action of the `--symlink` switch
```
